Update getting-started-with-swashbuckle.md (#25621)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/getting-started-with-swashbuckle.md

#### [Visual Studio](#tab/visual-studio)

* Right-click the project in **Solution Explorer** and select *`Edit <project_name>.csproj`*.
* Add [GenerateDocumentationFile](/dotnet/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props#generatedocumentationfile)  to the `.csproj` file:

```XML
<PropertyGroup>
  <GenerateDocumentationFile>true</GenerateDocumentationFile>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> #### [Visual Studio for Mac](#tab/visual-studio-mac)

Reviewer: This section should probably have the same change applied.

#### [Visual Studio](#tab/visual-studio)

* Right-click the project in **Solution Explorer** and select *`Edit <project_name>.csproj`*.

> * Add `<GenerateDocumentationFile>true</GenerateDocumentationFile>`  to the `.csproj` file:

Author: ```suggestion
* Add [GenerateDocumentationFile](/dotnet/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props#generatedocumentationfile)  to the `.csproj` file:
```

* Right-click the project in **Solution Explorer** and select *`Edit <project_name>.csproj`*.

> * Manually add the highlighted lines to the `.csproj` file:

Author: ```suggestion
* Add `<GenerateDocumentationFile>true</GenerateDocumentationFile>`  to the `.csproj` file:
```
